docs: update LSP quickstart (#28954)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

Follow these steps to get LSP features:

1. Install language servers using your package manager or by following the
   upstream installation instructions. You can find language servers here:

>    https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/implementors/servers/

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link to `nvim-lspconfig` instead?

Author: Not all users will have nvim-lspconfig installed, and in any case the hope here is that we can get more users to use LSP without it.

Reviewer: I was not suggesting replacing this by "use `nvim-lspconfig`", but to use their list of available servers instead since I think it will better reflect which LSPs currently have neovim support.
I don't have strong feelings about it though so it's fine.

> 2. Configure the LSP client per language server. See |vim.lsp.start()| or use

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this first sentence. If this is meant to be an introductory explanation, we should remain consistent of who's the client and who's the server.

Author: Which sentence in particular? Do you have a suggestion on how to reword it?

   this minimal example as a guide: >lua

>     -- Create an event handler for the FileType autocommand

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: the "event handler" _is_ the "autocommand" (in Vimspeak) for the `FileType` "event".

Of course, the question is how the audience is here -- whether we should "push" Vimspeak or generic protocol language.

Author: Trying to avoid Vim specific jargon here. We can leave lots of breadcrumbs (tags) to other help docs to guide the user to learn more, but at this point I want to assume as little a priori knowledge as possible.

    vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd('FileType', {
      -- This handler will fire when the buffer's 'filetype' is "python"
      pattern = 'python',
      callback = function(ev)

>         -- The buffer number this event is associated with

Reviewer 2: I would recommend structuring these comments around the _intention_ rather than a technical description. In this case, I would actually _not_ define this here but use the event structure where it is needed (see below).

Author: The intent here was to (hopefully) avoid confusion between "current buffer" and "buffer associated with the autocommand". Pulling the `bufnr` declaration out allows us to add a separate comment explaining this distinction. But perhaps this is not an important distinction for new users.

        local bufnr = ev.buf

        vim.lsp.start({
          name = 'my-server-name',
          cmd = {'name-of-language-server-executable', '--option', 'arg1', 'arg2'},

>           -- The "root directory" of the project is the parent directory,
>           -- relative to the buffer's file, containing a "setup.py" or
>           -- "pyproject.toml" file
>           root_dir = vim.fs.root(bufnr, {'setup.py', 'pyproject.toml'}),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          -- Set the "root directory" to the parent directory of the
          -- file in the current buffer (`ev.buf`) that contains either
          --  a "setup.py" or a "pyproject.toml" file
          root_dir = vim.fs.root(ev.buf, {'setup.py', 'pyproject.toml'}),
```

        })
      end,
    })
<
3. Check that the server attached to the buffer: >
    :checkhealth lsp

> 4. (Optional) Configure keymaps and autocmds to use LSP features. |lsp-config|

Reviewer: For consistency with line 34:
```suggestion
4. (Optional) Configure keymaps and autocommands to use LSP features. |lsp-config|
```
